https://codepen.io/aaaanchal/pen/WNOLBvB?editors=1100

   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    gives meaning to our markup
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext markup language

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provides additional information and put it in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    header 1 - once or twice 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a & img tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    <header>

    7. What is an id? 
    identify the element when linking or styling with CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute is often used to point a class name in a style sheet

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any and many within a class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    set target attribute to _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    scr=

    15. How do I reference an id?
    # in html
    . in CSS 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page.
    div does not define a section in HTML

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Styling Sheet

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class applies to multiple element and id applies to only on element. 
    would use class

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element and it would be useful when trying to select a very very specified element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements that are in a specific state - they are the first element of their type

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted 1px black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* single line */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 mins or so

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 